Update course overview (#51)
ImperialCollegeLondon/grad_school_software_engineering_course: _episodes/l0-course_overview.md

---
title: "Course overview"
teaching: 5
exercises: 0
questions:
- What will this course cover?
- In what lesson-style is this course delivered?
objectives:
- Provide background information on course.
keypoints:
- Code along with the presenter.
- Ask questions!
---

## Overview

Programming as a researcher can be a very intimidating experience. It
can feel as though your code isn't "good enough" (as judged by some
mysterious and opaque criteria), or that you're not coding in the
"right way". The aim of this course is to help to address some of
these concerns through an introduction to software engineering for
researchers. Beyond just programming, software engineering is the
practice and principle of writing software that is correct,
sustainable and ready to share with colleagues and the wider research
community.

Please, if you have not done so, yet, go through [the setup instructions] for the course.

> [the setup instructions]: {% link setup.md %}

Author: Added. I've open an issue in the intermediate course because the link was not working, indeed. 

https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/intermediate_grad_school_git_course/issues/97

---
title: "Course overview"
teaching: 5
exercises: 0
questions:
- What will this course cover?
- In what lesson-style is this course delivered?
objectives:
- Provide background information on course.
keypoints:
- Code along with the presenter.
- Ask questions!
---

## Overview

Programming as a researcher can be a very intimidating experience. It
can feel as though your code isn't "good enough" (as judged by some
mysterious and opaque criteria), or that you're not coding in the
"right way". The aim of this course is to help to address some of
these concerns through an introduction to software engineering for
researchers. Beyond just programming, software engineering is the
practice and principle of writing software that is correct,
sustainable and ready to share with colleagues and the wider research
community.

> Please, if you have not done so, yet, go through [the setup instructions] for the course.
> 
> [the setup instructions]: {% link setup.md %}

Reviewer: After https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/intermediate_grad_school_git_course/issues/97 and https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/intermediate_grad_school_git_course/pull/98 It's clear this should be:

```suggestion
Please, if you have not done so, yet, go through [the setup instructions][lesson-setup] for the course.
```
